# Sensor Data Visualisation

This project is a part of a master's thesis "Movement simulation of a handheld device". Related repositories can be found [here](https://github.com/stars/Haky00/lists/dp).

## About

A 3D interactive app, built with the Godot engine, used to explore data collected using [SensorDataCollecting](https://github.com/Haky00/SensorDataCollecting) and movement created with parameters generated by [SensorDataSimulation](https://github.com/Haky00/SensorDataSimulation).

You can move in the 3D space using WASD keys, turn the camera when holding the right mouse button and change the speed of movement using the mouse wheel.

To explore collected data, switch to "Data Mode" using the button in the top right. Enter the GUID of the collected data you want to explore in the top left. You can then play/pause or seek in the calculated device's positions and rotations. Because the acceleration can be imprecise and drift a lot, a strong dampening is applied to the velocity of the device. To find out the GUID of your reading, you can look in the "Saved Data" portion of the Collecting app. When you load a reading, a few statistics about it are printed to the console, if there is one open.

To see the movement of a simulated device, switch to "Simulation Mode" using the button in the top right. Parameter sets are searched for in the "Parameters" folder in the root of the app. You can choose which parameter set should be used using the list and buttons in the top left. You can export the selected parameter set or all of the parameter sets to a "WRAPPING-L-SENSOR-DATA.js" file to be used for the JShelter extension.